## Cow App

**cattle**

/ˈkæt.əl/

a group of animals that includes cows, buffalo, and bison, that are often kept for their milk or meat: 

* These cattle are being fattened up for slaughter.
* The farmer grazes cattle on this land in the summer months.

**kettle**

/ˈket.əl/

a container for boiling water, that has a lid, handle, and spout and is made from plastic or metal

* I think this kettle is defunct!
* This kettle needs descaling.

**graze**

/ɡreɪz/

to (cause animals to) eat grass:

* The cows were grazing.
* The farmer grazes cattle on this land in the summer months.

**devour**

/dɪˈvaʊər/ 

to eat something eagerly and in large amounts so that nothing is left:

* The young cubs hungrily devoured the deer.

**shrub**

/ʃrʌb/ 

a large plant with a rounded shape formed from many small branches growing either directly from the ground or from a hard stem, grown in gardens:
She planted some roses and other flowering shrubs.

**unrivalled**

/ʌnˈraɪ.vəld/

having no equal; better than any other of the same type:

* The museum boasts an unrivalled collection of French porcelain.

**collar**

/ˈkɒl.ər/

a strap made of leather or other strong material that is put around the neck of an animal, especially a dog or cat:

* I grabbed the dog by the collar and dragged it out of the room.

**pasture**

/ˈpɑːs.tʃər/

grass or similar plants suitable for animals such as cows and sheep to eat, or an area of land covered in this:

* The sheep were grazing on the lush green pastures.
* Some fields are planted with crops for several years, and then returned to pasture for the cattle.

**herd**

/hɜːd/

a large group of animals of the same type that live and feed together:

* a herd of cattle/elephants/goats

**pulse**

/pʌls/

a short period of energy that is repeated regularly, such as a short, loud sound or a short flash of light:

* The data, normally transmitted electronically, can be changed into pulses of light.

**dune**

/dʒuːn/

a hill of sand near a beach or in a desert

**vet**

/vet/

a person with a medical degree trained to take care of the health of animals:

* The farmer called the vet out to treat a sick cow.
